EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_ui/products_ui.md

The Twig function `ses_render_field()` can automatically use either a property of the `CatalogElement`, or a property from the `dataMap`.
If you have a property within the `dataMap` which has the same name as another property of the `CatalogElement`,
you can enforce using the property from the `dataMap` by using the `enforce_datamap` parameter.

For example:

Object `$catalogElement` has property `price` (which has a `PriceField` with value `1.00`) and a `PriceField` `price` (value `2.00`) within its `dataMap`.

``` html+twig
{# "1.00" is output #}
{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'price') }}
 
{# "2.00" is output #}
{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'price', {"enforce_datamap": true}) }}
```

## Attributes of ProductNode

`ProductNode` offers attributes which can be used in templates. They are stored in `$dataMap` and can be used with `{{ ses_render_field() }}`.

In addition, a `ProductNode` provides the attributes of a [`CatalogElement`](../catalog_api/product_category_catalogelement.md).

|Identifier|Type|Description|Usage|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |
|`manufacturerSku`|string|SKU of the product from the manufacturer|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'manufacturerSku') }}`|

> |`specification`|text block|Technical specification|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'specification') }}`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`specification`|text block|technical specification|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'specification') }}`|
```

|`manufacturer`|string||`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'manufacturer') }}`|
|`color`|string|choosed color|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'color') }}`|

> |`video`|string|The url for the video|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'video') }}`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`video`|string|the URL for the video|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'video') }}`|
```

|`image3`|image|optional image|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'image3') }}`</br>`{{ catalogElement.dataMap.image3 }}`</br>`<img src="/{{ catalogElement.dataMap.image3.path }}" />`|
|`image4`|image|optional image|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'image4') }}`</br>`{{ catalogElement.dataMap.image4 }}`</br>`<img src="/{{ catalogElement.dataMap.image4.path }}" />`|
|`specification`|array|technical specifications|`{{ ses_render_field(catalogElement, 'specification') }}`|

## Get a ProductNode by SKU

If you need to fetch a product in template (e.g. in basket), use the Twig function `ses_product`.

``` html+twig
{% set product = ses_product({'sku': 1100}) %}
SKU: {{ product.sku }}
Name: {{ product.name }}
Image: {{ ses_render_field(product, 'image1') }}
```

Parameters:

|Parameter|Required|Description|
|--- |--- |--- |
|`sku`|yes|The SKU of the product node|
|`sub_tree_path`|no|An optional subtree path, to search product nodes (default: `/1/2` to search in the whole tree)|
|`variantCode`|no|An optional parameter if a given variant is returned|

## Images and assets

Images and assets can be taken from the content model (if this data provider is used).

> External images can also be stored in the filesystem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External images can also be stored in the file system. 
```

If images come from the file system, they have to be stored in the following folders (the folders can be configured):

- Product images in `web/var/assets/product_images`
- Product group images `web/var/assets/product_group_images`

To avoid too many files in one directory, subfolders are used.

For example, images for a produkt with SKU `D4241`, are stored in the file system in:

``` 
web/var/assets/product_images/D/4/D4142_picture.jpg
web/var/assets/product_images/D/4/D4142_picture_2.jpg
```

> When using a cluster, this folder has to be mounted as an NFS shared or cluster FS filesystem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a cluster, this folder has to be mounted as an NFS shared or cluster FS file system. 
```

These folders are used as source folders for all assets.

Images are resized automatically when they are used for the first time.

> The different image variations are stored in `web/var/ecommerce/storage/<image_class>/<subfolders>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The different image variations are stored in `web/var/ecommerce/storage/<image_class>/<subfolders>`:
```

web/var/ecommerce/storage//images/thumb_smaller/D/4/1/-D4142_picture_thumb_smaller.jpg
```

> Image paths are cached in order to avoid accessing the filesystem in production mode. The cache uses stash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image paths are cached in order to avoid accessing the file system in production mode. The cache uses stash. 
```
